Feature-Rich, All-In-One Cloud ERP Systems For All Businesses
erp software
ERP Solutions

Transform your business with powerful ERP software. Get reliable business intelligence through insightful reports and advanced reporting systems to monitor all operations.

cloud CRM Software
CRM Software

Cloud-hosted CRM solutions with industry-specific features. Run extensive marketing campaigns, generate quality leads, close more sales and exceed expectations in services.

Cloud HCM Software
HCM Software

Automated human resource management software integrated with payroll. Eliminate manual processes and minimize errors. Hassle-free management of timesheets and attendance.

Top-rated ERP Software on
Gartner Peer Insights
4.3
ERP Focus
ERP Solutions
*As of March 28, 2022

"A good match for your daily Finance requirements"
— Treasury Manager in the Services Industry

"End to End ERP software for business operations"
— Marketing Executive in the Services Industry

What Type Of Business Do You Run?
Automotive
Manufacturing
Warehousing & Logistics
Building & Construction
Education Management
Wholesale Distribution
Retail Management
auto dealership management software
AUTOMOTIVE

Comprehensive applications for auto dealers, car rentals, leasing and garage owners to ensure high-quality customer service, inventory and delivery management with marketing and labor efficiency.


Start exploring
Who We Are
Established in 1992, Focus Softnet rose from a regional IT company to a multinational business solutions provider and innovator. With its acclaimed ERP, CRM products and services, strong emphasis on R&D and a richly experienced workforce, Focus Softnet has expanded across 17 countries around the globe, operating from 27 offices.

Focus Softnet’s ERP software systems comply with regional tax regulations, especially India’s GST regulations and provide users with a one-stop business management solution with integrated modules and mobile-ready features. Our ERP solutions are hosted on Cloud, could be customized to suit your requirements and can be scaled up as your business grows.

Having deployed business-specific ERP systems at many enterprises and SMEs, We at Focus Softnet have proven our expertise in developing and implementing industry-ready solutions with tailored features that leave no aspect of your operations uncovered. Our ERP software systems have received multiple awards for their ease of use and effectiveness in overcoming business challenges.

Read our story
Achieve Digital Transformation Through Our Cloud ERP Solutions
In the world that is rapidly migrating to cloud and digital technologies, Focus Softnet has emerged as a beacon of hope for small/medium businesses (SMEs) and a trusted business partner for enterprises that seek to make the shift from conventional methods to modern processes.

With our ground-breaking ERP solutions in India, we have successfully supported companies by enabling them to tap into the limitless possibilities of Cloud and the infinite capabilities of digital systems. Known as one of the best and reliable ERP software providers in India, we have continuously paved way for businesses of all sizes, across all major industries to embrace the new wave of digital transformation.

Focus Softnet’s ERP software solutions can be deployed on-premise and on cloud . Our ERP applications are fully customizable and provide you with seamless experience to manage all aspects of your business. Connect with us today to learn more!

Why ERP >

 Cloud Hosted ERP

 Hybrid, In-Memory Computing

 Total Mobility

 Industry-Ready Templates

 AI Driven Applications

Customizable Solutions

 e-Invoicing

Our Happy & Growing Customers
Focus i is going to be an integral part of our success story, and we are very pleased with the round-the-clock support that we received from Focus Team. 

Sojan Varghese

General Manager, Saif Salim Essa Al-Harasi & Co.
Focus Softnet has always been helpful in meeting our requirements There have been challenges on the way where either our requirements changed, or we needed something different. But Focus Softnet has always worked towards catering to our needs and we are quite satisfied with their solutions. 

Dr. Suheel Ahmed

CEO, Arabian Farms
Facts & Figures
The software you can trust on, with the numbers to prove it

erp software india
30
Years

erp systems india
17
Countries

Focus ERP solutions
1,207,423
Users

Market Insights
post-covid erp
How To Turn Post-COVID 19 Challenges into Meaningful Changes for Your Business?

More blogs
ai enabled erp
Focus X – The Fourth-era, Composable ERP That Has Brought AI to The Center-Stage of Business Operations

Find out more
what is erp
What Is ERP?
(Enterprise Resource Planning)

Explore more
Stay Informed!
Join the weekly newsletter and never miss out on white papers, case studies, ERP news and more!


Email Address
Follow Focus Softnet Pvt Ltd






4.4/5 Rating on Google | 363 Reviews

Solutions
Enterprise ERP
CRM Solutions
ERP For SMEs
ERP Verticals
ERP Modules
Products
Focus X - Composable ERP
Focus 9
Warehouse Management Software
Manufacturing Resource Planning
Accounting Software
POS Software
Restaurant Billing Software
CRM Software
HCM Software
Realestate Management
Automotive CRM Software
Facility Management Software
Industries
Automotive
Wholesale and Distribution
Education Management
Manufacturing
Building and Construction
Warehousing and Logistics
Retail Management
Trade and Services
Shipbuilding and Maritime
Cleaning Services
Laundry Management
Food and Beverage
Rental and Service
Field Service Management
Waste Management
ERP Modules
Business Intelligence
Contract Management
CRM Module
Equipment Maintenance Management
Financial Accounting Management
HR Management
Manufacturing Management
Project Management
Trading and Distribution
Warehousing Module
Fixed Assets Management
Inventory Management
POS Module
Quality Control Management
Supply Chain Management
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Blogs
Careers
Talk To Our MD
FAQs
Buyer's Guide
ERP
CRM
GST Ready ERP
Leadership
Case Studies
White Papers
News Room
Focal Point
Clients
Become A Partner
Request A Free Demo
Client Area
Copyright © 2022 | Focus Softnet Pvt Ltd

Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Sitemap